I will teach you how to do the bans
OK
let's see
good to some colleague so we're going to
give
let's find a game to see if not
all good people are a starter test
qualifying
for it
we must accept
let's see, I'm the one who blocks
very well let's see the print house of
all this but mid character
hey perfect very well but I go all
and always speak politely
let's see daily
let's now manage morgana or sen
let's go for him
since I can go mid with ball wins
and I'm the first to block
sea
ok and now we block who
we have several
initial house is also worth diana díaz la
new person of the village this ope
also the crystalline p
what we will do to the target
viana
so that by god they do not block the wing
to the one of this
fashionable and I catch her
perfect because we already have the morgan
morgana for me and I go a thousand and a thousand
my friend rivard this like this and this goes like this
margo is already we have our
morgana
and so little by little he talks to us with the
team that is where you're from as I know
that yes, you always have to respect the
order of the GDP if you were the first and
says this because you vast and point
but you do not always have to be so stubborn
and leave room for others there are also
so car
from the same organ there is more
many irises winning
it's worth against monagas renga I assume that
generate
bill gates your whore mother chosen your whore
mother
vladimir is worth everything
let's see if we do not touch any troll
and if it leaves in the jungle rights in which
pretty good
so we are missing hyung lee jung soo
board
the gas in between will reign up or in
english lane pod and missing one
I have chosen
good as you see here I do not see that people
speaks little so there will be two will be
trolls I suppose because there are people who say
Oh, I do not know, I do not know how much
if I'm not and I'm not alone all by myself all
whatever it is I'm going to affect there
they start helping all the time
in any case that endures the knot rigor
ready the good but there was no better
It is worth as you see it could not be this time I
I had to take a support
and instead of trolling it does well 5 jun
support
I'm going to fuck in the lane with and say
no no I'm going I'm going to let you have not
done very well with that software and
do everything right there be tv
efe
valbuena team morgana mit la divina
up is real to carry a lease
that pretty good leasing I'm and a
analyst down with football with the late
real
and to see that everything here waited in a
fiery and now I guess he will retire
why come I do not know
they are two characters to accumulate
although it can also be all
go abismal place mort nm
neither does he pay much attention to people
to say is that they continue to follow and that's it
a support unit with dance
that is
ad a de aden adde and ap
we are ap ap ade of paper
that we go well of the bng of law
album well good as you see no no no
I am a man to play no troll and
now we will see the spells that he took us
others
the enemy team
As you can see I was going until hs is quite
simple not to troll and neither
never be from africa yes yes you can play
play or if you can not play because of
here cracks you have to go no
play watch TV make a straw
I know but do not play uncle because you're going to
fuck all the team they are going to fuck you
because you are going to dizzy kilos and kilos
of months and I do not
let's see then the water will play and now
up is pretty good pod down
ok we were a good good team because this
it's all worth
this is all
the dj is worth voucher
I shit on God
collaboration with past me
I shit on the fucking pc
let's stop this sorry for this
Incidence shit and well then
stadium all about how to balear on a run
that touch and good then to health